Python syntax.
Now let's look at the rules for writing Python, starting with indentation.
Indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line.
In Python, indentation is very important.
In this example, we have an if statement with the second line print five is greater than two.
The second line is indented with four spaces.
This indentation tells Python that the second line is part of the if statement.
If you skip the indentation, Python will throw a syntax error or read them as two different statements.
Let's try the first and the second example.
The result of print.
But if we skip the indentation, Python will throw a syntax error.
You can use different number of spaces, but the standard is for can be one or more.
But the standard is four.
You have to use the same number of spaces in the same block of code.
Otherwise Python will give you an error.
Let's try this example.
Here we have an if statement with two lines, and the two lines have the same indentation.
If you change one of them, Python will throw a syntax error.
Just make sure you are consistent with the same block.